* Clang is now adopted automatically on macOS and FreeBSD if gcc unavailable.
  Preference for either compiler can still be overridden using the ``CC``
  environment variable.

* Custom compiler options may now be provided either with the new **flags**
  option to :class:`cslug.CSlug` or with the ``CC_FLAGS`` environment variable.
  See :ref:`Add compiler flags`.

* Control of the minimum support macOS version has moved from the previously
  undocumented ``MIN_OSX`` environment variable to the more standard (albeit
  wordier) ``MACOS_DEPLOYMENT_TARGET`` environment variable.
  See :ref:`Minimum OSX version`.
  The default value for this variable has changed from 10.5 to 10.6
  to match that of minimum supported Python (currently Python 3.6).

* Compile with ``-O3`` instead of ``-Ofast``. The latter breaks handling of
  ``NaN`` and ``INF`` amongst other things. ``-Ofast`` may be re-enabled
  through :ref:`custom compiler flags <Add compiler flags>` if desired.

* Only specify architecture to compiler (using ``-m32``) if Python is 32bit.
  This fixes compatibility with ``aarch64``/``arm64``, ``ppc64le`` and ``s390x``
  architectures which are now considered supported and part of routine testing
  using the `manylinux wacky-architecture
  <https://github.com/pypa/manylinux#manylinux2014-centos-7-based>`_
  docker images.

* Fix compatibility with `Alpine Linux <https://alpinelinux.org/>`_.
  Cross-distribution compiling for or from Alpine is not possible but compiling
  on Alpine for Alpine is now officially supported and routinely tested with
  the `Python Alpine
  <https://hub.docker.com/layers/python/library/python/3.9.0-alpine3.12/images/sha256-df77433749466a68bb599009753c9e5a8efaa3dd9c16450d442bb32f4c1fad4e?context=explore>`_
  docker images.
